it's a cloud in a rather windy wind
today is double the thermo meter shows
-4 degrees Celsius in there and about
zero degrees in order Jenner and
February is maybe not the best bomb for
fishing in the capital of Sweden but
it's also cashew nice ground to still
nascent its yet in spite of the
temperature still well worth a try
however there is a big difference
compared to fishing during other seasons
and that difference is spelled I see e
ice as soon as the temperature drops
below zero pisces effector to be
reckoned with especially if it's windy
the water freezes and soon the guides on
my fly rod are blocked with ice
and that is of course not a good thing
at the fly line can pass moolah
the solution is simply to poke away the
ice every now and then
but the guides are not the only icy
problem even a shoot in line has
attendants to phrase twin casts it
becomes sort of a thin film of ice on it
which sometimes make me lose the grip
and result - that is a bad fly costs
but even a really bad fly cast can in
the end turn out to be a good one
I really love when the fish takes a fly
especially when fishing with a
double-handed fly rod with a strong
current the size of the fish really
doesn't matter the take is still always
very distinct
I soon realize this isn't going to be an
epic struggle since the trout is too
small
and then I can see the fish it's a small
silvery sea trout a fish that just
recently has warm up from the Baltic Sea
is a small beautiful sea trout weighing
about one and half kilo
since its below freezing in there it's
urgent to get the trout back into the
water as soon as possible the ice of the
fish are particularly vulnerable in this
type of weather
the trout swings back and I say see you
soon
and short of the deficiency returned the
landing net reminds more of an art
installation than a fishing gear